CHAPTER XXVIII.
In the end of the Sabbath, as it began to dawn toward the first day of the week, came
Mary Magdalene and the other Mary to see the sepulcher, and, behold, there was a great
earthquake.
For the angel of the Lord descended from heaven, and came and rolled back the stone from the
door, and sat upon it.
His countenance was like lightning, and his raiment white as snow.
And for fear of him the keepers did shake, and became as dead men.
And the angel answered and said unto the women, Fear not ye, for I know that ye seek Jesus,
which was crucified.
He is not here, for he is risen, as he said, Come, see the place where the Lord lay.
And go quickly, and tell his disciples that he is risen from the dead, and, behold, he
goeth before you into Galilee.
There ye shall see him, lo, I have told you.
And they departed quickly from the sepulcher with fear and great joy, and did run to bring
his disciples word.
And as they went to tell his disciples, behold, Jesus met them, saying, All hail!
And they came and held him by the feet, and worshiped him.
Then said Jesus unto them, Be not afraid.
Go tell my brethren that they go into Galilee, and there shall they see me.
Now when they were going, behold, some of the watch came into the city, and showed unto
the chief priests all the things that were done.
And when they were assembled with the elders, and had taken counsel, they gave large money
unto the soldiers, saying, Say ye, his disciples came by night, and stole him away while we
slept.
And if this come to the governor's ears, we will persuade him, and secure you.
So they took the money, and did as they were taught, and this saying is commonly reported
among the Jews until this day.
Then the eleven disciples went away into Galilee, into a mountain where Jesus had appointed
them.
And when they saw him, they worshiped him, but some doubted.
And Jesus came and spake unto them, saying, All power is given unto me, in heaven and
in earth.
Go ye therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the
Son, and of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded
you.
And lo, I am with you always, even unto the end of the world.
Amen.
End of chapter 28.
End of the Gospel according to St. Matthew King James Version.
Recording by Michael Packard.